corrected the docs (#15)
ricokahler/react-style-system: README.md

export default Component;
```

> This pattern rocks because it creates styles on a component level and it's simple for a parent component to override child styles. For example, in Material UI, a parent component can override `title` styles like so:

Reviewer: too strong lol

```suggestion
This pattern is great because it creates styles on a component level and it's simple for a parent component to override child styles. For example, in Material UI, a parent component can override `title` styles like so:
```

Author: 👍

### 2. Embrace HTML semantics via `className`s

> Another issue I have with styled-components is the syntax (e.g. `styled.div`). This syntax abstracts away from HTML semantics and makes it challenging to use class names. Going back to Material UI again, their styling solution embraces class names and HTML semantics. Making it easy to use tools like [`classnames`](https://github.com/JedWatson/classnames) to conditionally apply CSS classnames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another issue I have with styled-components is the syntax of `const Title = styled.div`. This syntax abstracts away from HTML semantics and makes it challenging to use class names. Going back to Material UI again, their styling solution embraces class names and HTML semantics. Making it easy to use tools like [`classnames`](https://github.com/JedWatson/classnames) to conditionally apply CSS classnames.
```

}
```

> An issue I have with the above is that it becomes easy to forget that the `Title` component is an HTML `h1` tag (e.g., it's under a different name and the props are different now).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue I have with the above is that it becomes easy to forget that the `Title` component is an HTML `h1` tag (e.g., it's under a different name and the props are different now).
```

### 4. The ability to be define the color of a component dynamically, including derived states, in the context of a component

> This issue is a bit specific but important regarding the color system of [Hacker UI](https://hacker-ui.com/) so bare with me hear for a bit…

Reviewer: the link is nice 💯
